#@#@#!$#$%^^&&^%$

SYSTEM REBOOT...
CRASH DETECTED

WARNING: DAYLIGHT DETECTED! RADIATION LEVELS ARE NOT SAFE!

WARNING: SYSTEM UNSTABLE!

WARNING: LIFE SUPPORT IS OFFLINE!

WARNING: PILOT NOT FOUND!

WARNING: PILOT NOT FOUND!

WARNING: PILOT NOT FOUND!

>>> OH. THERE YOU ARE. I'M SORRY. I'M SO SORRY. I... I COULDN'T...

WARNING: AUTOMATION SYSTEM OFFLINE!
 
DEBUG: SELF TERMINATION DETECTED. STORING SAVE STATE.


STATUS CHECK>>> 
	COOLING SYSTEM: DAMAGED!
	DISPLAY SYSTEM: OK!
	WEAPONS SYSTEM: OFFLINE!
	TARGETING SYSTEM: OFFLINE!
	SENSORS: OFFLINE!
	PROCESSOR: OK!
	LIFE_SUPPORT: OFFLINE!
	INPUT: OK!

TASK: run onabsence.exe

//Begin IOStream

Mercury.

A planet far from what one would consider a suitable climate for human habitation. 
I don't even know if mercury counts as having a climate.  On one side it is blasted by radiation from the sun. 
It kills in minutes, and even the best shielding we can mount on the mechs isn't strong enough to keep you alive for more than a few days.
And even then, you're screwed up afterwards. You'll then blow all your money on cellular repair, assuming you have any (money that is), 
and hope the cancer doesn't kill you in the next few years. On the other side is a surface so cold that on earth such temperatures 
would freeze the air itself into ice. Going out there... I don't know anybody who has made it back. In the middle is a zone that is 
halfway between hell and hell frozen over. The temperatures are manageable and there is some light from the sun. The radiation is 
still bad, but the meds will keep you on your feet for a few years until the next you can get your body healed up with the expensive 
machines they have on the medical carrier. Underground is even better, and the mines are lucrative. But the mines are expensive to live 
in. Most live on the surface. On the carriers.

The problem with living in the realm of eternal twilight is that it moves. 
It is hard to live in a place where the "place" is actually a moving spot on the ground, 
and the area around the spot will kill you. Solution? Some NASA techie had the idea of putting colonies on giant treads. 
Genius right? They only break constantly, and take more money in maintenance than it would to just live underground. But the PR of 
having the longest running moving construct in the solar system is hard to pass up. So we across as a migrant fleet, trundling across 
the surface at 11 kilometers per hour to stay in the terminator, the twilight zone between night and dark, in a vast assortment of 
glorified, but really rather large, space trucks. The official term is “carrier”, but they are really just some space trucks. We have 
a few sister fleets, all much nicer than Equatorial 001 (the fleet I come from), that move around the poles. A few other above ground 
colonies exist at the poles, but living up there requires real cash. Some of the carriers are stupidly large, some are pretty big, and 
some are only a few meters long. Robots zip around among the slow moving carriers, delivering people and supplies to various places in 
the fleet. Every year, we make a run at the mines to load up on raw materials, and we always collect raw material from the surface, so we 
can manufacture replacement components and whatever marketable products people come up with.

But not this year.

There was an accident. Or there probably was an accident. Or it wasn’t an accident. I don’t know. Bottom line, the flagship of 
Equatorial 001 detonated, probably killing everyone on board. I didn’t stay to find out, because stuff went downhill from there. 
Before we knew what happened, one of the tokomaks on board the medical carrier went, and then another, and another. I had been doing 
maintenance on one of the outer lying carriers, and I was able to escape. My mech was equipped to survive in the wastes for a while, 
but not to survive a bunch of fusion generators blowing up at the same time. The EMP’s crippled my suit’s systems, but I was able to hear 
the other fleets gearing up for war. You see, there are a few groups on mercury. One was sent from a coalition of the US, Canada, 
Russia, Britain, and Japan (collectively called the United Fleets, or the UF), and the other was sent from the AIC, the Associated 
Indonesian Conference. After some resource disputes when the AIC stopped sending supplies to their fleets, the UF and AIC have been at 
each other ever since. I guess the two just needed an excuse to fight. Not sure why, we don’t have enough here as it is. 
Maybe this will bring the attention of Earth back here, to send aid. Or everyone will die. Who knows.

My mech is finished. My generator was going critical, so I had to shut it down, my solar panels were shattered in the tokomak chain 
reaction, and I can’t exist on the RTGs. Life support is going to shut down soon.

I hope you find this, and now know why the UF and AIC are going to war. I hope you know that it was pointless, and was probably 
caused because someone forgot to do maintenance on one of the flagships's antimatter containment systems. 
I hope you can stop it. 
Or maybe you will find this hundreds of years from now, and this will answer the burning questions of the first War on Mercury or 
whatever the hell they call this. Or maybe nobody will find this, and I’m just wasting my time typing instead of thinking about 
whatever I am supposed to think about. 

Let CIL know it wasn’t her fault. I shut her off, and she doesn’t have access to my personal programs. 

I miss the rain.

Good bye.

//end IO Stream
